hi Christine here with another cute
quick and simple card i made for my
Christmas card series I am going to just
show you quickly today two versions of
the same card I made with this sleigh
really really quickly this sleigh comes
from the December 25th cricut cartridge
very very nice cricut cartridge and all
i did is use this sleigh it is a single
silhouette 'add sleigh and it is cut out
at two and three quarters and basically
all I did from there is i took some
black cardstock i used red cardstock as
a border I took some nice designer paper
and I just went around with a sponge in
red the first layer is cut at four by
five and a quarter and then the second
layer is cut at three and three quarters
by five I added some ribbon and this
really cute sediment I used Merry
Christmas in this card the other one I
used happy holidays I just put some
pearls and all I did was take the sleigh
once I cut it out I found these nice rub
ons and i just used them in the sleigh
and then i added a pearl alright doodled
in this one and then what I did is I
took my 2-way glue and I use this really
pretty glitter from Martha Stewart
called obsidian and it is black and
white glitter and I just used my 2-way
glue and then I added it where I wanted
to and then I raised this sleigh up this
other version which I like just as much
is very very similar and except i used
this nice green music note paper and
instead of taking some rub ons i just
took us
amp that I have a love the pattern and I
just stamped it inside the sleigh and
then I put that straight down to the
paper and I did the same thing I took my
2-way glue and then I just added some
glitter all the way around the edge of
the sleigh to give it an extra added
touch and then I just added some green
little pearls that I have and I'm
probably going to add a few more right
along the edge right up here and that is
all there is to these really quick and
simple cards and I really enjoy working
with the marks of Stewart glitter and
and I was really happy that I had
purchased the twin December 25th cricut
cartridge so that's pretty much it for
today for these cards and I hope you
enjoy so thanks for watching bye